if top evanovich will have to play
Williams in the fourth round the winner
of that presumably would play Yankovic
in the quarters and Serena and Justine
in the quarters
very top-heavy sharapova's just licking
her chops down the bottom half
of course they're still petrova there
and whose necks of the winner here in
I quite frankly if I were in the draw
I'd rather late whose necks about any
day than someone like this shirt there's
been you said this all week Tracy that
the realistic contenders to win this
thing are all mud sharapova all of the
top five of them five in the top half
and plus sharapova
of course what that means in the bottom
half is somebody can make a name for
themselves if somebody could take
sheriff hold with that and they'll be a
player there that can you know achieve
something that only kuznetsov up in that
whole half has ever done
Angus Angus is still in
this place azarenka victoria azarenka of
belarus very talented junior coming up
when the juniors here a couple of years
ago
so Tracy let's play our little game Ted
said they gonna shock the Venus Williams
does not make it past the quarters of
this US Open agree or disagree oh man
you're so tough on me okay I'm going to
go with that she is going to make it
past the quarters
but I'm not fitting on that no betting
around here not in tennis it's a good
thing
being is trying to play well beat the
clock here she has his chance to get
this over in under an hour she's
striking the ball well on balance in the
middle how many times I've seen Venus
play where she gets off the frame
not all the time but a few times during
a match and she's just uh
57 minutes
agent confidence by her serve as well
couple of nights ago Venus
to Anna serve 129 miles per hour tighter
record when she served with the French
this year
the fastest on the women's side
you
and as larvae
ball hits the take
here comes class and can't be me at the
window water turn your back hey
the rumors dribble over with a soft pets
continues this is the best
time
three dominant win
mmm
temperature the corner for
and went on to win Wimbledon
she's gone again ana ivanovic
finalists at the French seventies and
Wimbledon this year that's going to be a
round of 16 on Sunday big-serving match
that's going to be
very sharp tonight wherever you are in
your holiday weekend you want to make
sure you catch CBS's coverage sunday
afternoon from the US Open the sisters
will both be in action Serena against
Bartoli Venus against the Ivanovich and
those